[Docs] Sphinx book theme change (#3522)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD: docs/contrib/CodingPractices.md

List of coding practices.

:::{Note}

> This is a compilation of many idioms in OpenROAD code that is considered undesirable. Obviously other programmers have different opinions or they

Reviewer: Remove the second sentence : Obviously...pervasive. The first statement is a general guideline, that should suffice. There should be no commentary on what others tend to do.

List of coding practices.

:::{Note}
This is a compilation of many idioms in OpenROAD code that are considered undesirable. 
:::

## C++

### Practice #1

> Don't comment out code. `git` provides a complete history of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don't comment out code, instead remove it. `git` provides a complete history of
```

List of coding practices.

:::{Note}

> This is a compilation of many idioms in OpenROAD code that is considered undesirable. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is a compilation of many idioms in OpenROAD code that are considered undesirable. 
```

## C++

### Linting and Formatting
OpenROAD uses both `clang-tidy` and `clang-format` to perform automatic linting and formatting whenever a pull request is submitted. To run these locally, please first setup Clang Tooling using this [guide](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/HowToSetupToolingForLLVM.html). Thereafter, you may run these commands: 

```shell
cmake . -B build  //generate build files

> //typically only run these commands on files you changed.

Reviewer 3: Comments in shell are with `#` not `//`

### Practice #22

> Don't use `<>'s` to include anything but system headers. Your
> project's headers should NEVER be in `<>'s`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Don't use `<>` to include anything but system headers. Your
project's headers should NEVER be in `<>`. 
```

### Practice #26

Don't put `using namespace` inside a function. 

### Practice #27

Don't nest namespaces.

### Practice #28

> Avoid `using namespace`. It is just asking for conflicts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Avoid `using namespace`. It increases the likelihood of conflicts
```

and doesn't explicity declare what in the namespace is being used. Use

> `using namespace::symbol;` instead. And especially not `using namespace std`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`using namespace::symbol;` instead. And especially do not use `using namespace std`. 
```
